1.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Which of the following is used to store the most recently executed SQL statements and the most recently used data definitions?
	
Data Pool 
	
Data Dictionary Cache 
	
Shared Pool 
	
Library Cache 

2.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Which of the following gives the order of Database administrative steps needed to open an Oracle Database?
	
Start an instance, Open the Database, Mount the database 
	
Start the database, Start the instance, Mount the Database 
	
Mount the database, Start the instance, Open the database 
	
Start an instance, Mount the database, Open the database 

3.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
A dropped table can be restored by issuing this command.
FLASHBACK TABLE Supplier TO BEFORE DROP;
State True or False.
	
TRUE 
	
FALSE 


4.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Evaluate the CREATE TABLE statement:
CREATE TABLE products
(product_id NUMBER(6) CONSTRAINT prod_id_pk PRIMARY KEY,
product_name VARCHAR2(15));
Which statement is true regarding the PROD_ID_PK constraint?
	
It would be created and would use an automatically created nonunique index. 
	
It would be created only if a unique index is manually created first. 
	
It would be created and would use an automatically created unique index. 
	
It would be created and remains in a disabled state because no index is specified in the command. 


5.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Identify the circumstance under which you will create an Index?
	
A column contains a wide range of values. 
	
A column contains large number of null values. 
	
All of the listed options 
	
One or more columns are frequently used together in a where clause or a join condition. 
	
The table is large and most queries are expected to retrieve less than 2 to 4 % of the rows. 


6.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Oracle instance comprises of background processes and memory structure. State True or False.
	
FALSE 
	
TRUE 


7.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
You are using the system account to create a synonym as follows:
 Create synonym User for UserDetails
Which statements are true with respect to the above synonym?
	
A synonym with the name UserDetails is created and only system can access it 
	
A synonym with the name UserDetails is created and any user can access it 
	
A synonym with the name User is created and any user can access it 
	
A synonym with the name User is created and only system can use it 
	
Incorrect syntax to create a synonym 

8.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
When Oracle starts an instance, it reads the server parameter file called _______________.
	
SPFILE 
	
SYSDBA FILE 
	
PFile 
	
SYSOPER FILE 


9.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
Identify the below statement:
 
STATEMENT A : In Oracle 10g the default action of a DROP TABLE command is to move the table to the recycle bin (or rename it), rather than actually dropping it.
STATEMENT B: PURGE option can be used to permanently drop a table.
	
Statement B is true and A is False. 
	
Both statement A and B are True. 
	
Statement A is true and B is False. 
	
Both statements A and B are False. 


10.Carefully read the question and answer accordingly.
The user SCOTT who is the owner of ORDERS and SUPPLIERS tables issues the following GRANT command:
GRANT ALL
ON orders, Suppliers TO PUBLIC;
What correction needs to be done to the above statement?
	
WITH GRANT OPTION should be added to the statement. 
	
ALL should be replaced with a list of specific privileges. 
	
PUBLIC should be replaced with specific usernames. 
	
Separate GRANT statements are required for ORDERS and SUPPLIERS tables. 
